You want to eat shit
I give them wedding money
That's my wish.
Little brother, what are you talking about, aren't you?
Not a child, a child.
It's so good to see you.
How are you
No, nothing.
Just had a long, long dream
It feels like I haven't woken up yet
Brother Ye Fan, the locomotive is coming soon
We should pick up the Redskins. Pick him up
I said I want our cloud to go down
Bring ten 888 red envelopes and go down immediately.
Mom, I'm here to get married
I've taken out all the family in the house
Where can I find this 8,800?
Really?
But how can I remember that you don't have a house at home yet?
Mom, you are my dad's pension. Why?
I can't bear to not marry my sister.
Wife, let me ask you about your shortcomings?
If I bite in the future, I will definitely make up for you.
Who knows what you will look like in the future
Ye Fan, what about my mother? It's not easy to give birth to me and raise me
If you really want to marry me, agree to his terms
But I, Brother Yifan, don't worry.
My parents left me a fortune when they died
I'll take it for you now.
In my last life, I ate the loss of this woman
Many families were destroyed
continuously
Xiaoyanzi hasn't collected the money yet
What time is it?
Do you not want to get married?
Hahaha
I guess you're right.
This marriage, I just don't want to get married